# NeuroSleep
Analyzing the frequency-emitting brain waves can help us identify the health status of a person. When thought about in more depth, users can use our system to detect these frequencies and compare them to the average person’s graph and locate discrepancies and give advice on how to improve their brain waves. It can also help the medical field by having logs recorded with the permission of the user to send to doctors and surgeons for patient records and analysis for case studies and/or research. Speaking of research, many uses of these saved reports can be used for statistical analysis of any research that is going on that promotes a better economy, lifestyle, and healthcare to all people. This is the broad idea of our motivation to design this product and create a prototype. 
Currently, there are many types of equipment to record brain activity (MRI, CAT, EEG, etc). The one that can record the sinusoidal waves forming from the brain onto a computer screen is called an electroencephalogram (EEG). Moreover, this system is connected to a mobile application that receives data from a cloud storage server hosted by Google Firebase. Users can use this application to see what their current brain states are during sleep. Each frequency will show what emotions and mental state they are in and give them exercising tips and tricks. The saved records can be used for medical and research purposes as stated before. 
Having a system where people can sit down or sleep and wake up to see more details on what their mindset looks like promotes a better understanding of us and enlightens our curiosity of consciousness. This is one idea that the whole world’s research is focused on. It is a fundamental concept that excites human evolution and motive to seek who we are in this universe. Seeking to learn from curiosity, NeuroSleep gives access to limitless possibilities to how to start your day better because it teaches and shows you what your consciousness states are. Incorporating the practical and philosophical facts, NeuroSleep gives a way to understand more about yourself and what you can do to improve. The EEG can come with challenges like noise being recorded through it. To fix this, one must stay in an open and quiet room away from any frequency emitting devices to use NeuroSleep. 
